Adding explanation for editing permissions 20230825 (#6606)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/users-roles.md

Roles are the core way of controlling access to your cluster. Roles contain any combination of cluster-wide permissions, index-specific permissions, document- and field-level security, and tenants. Then you map users to these roles so that users gain those permissions.

> ## Creating and Editing OpenSearch Roles - Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating and editing OpenSearch roles - Overview
```

OpenSearch roles can be updated using various methods, the three methods to add or edit roles are as follows.

> ### Using the API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the API

```

> Users can make HTTP requests to endpoints provided by OpenSearch to update security roles, permissions, and associated settings. This method offers granular control and automation capabilities for managing roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make HTTP requests to endpoints provided by OpenSearch to update security roles, permissions, and associated settings. This method offers granular control and automation capabilities for managing roles.
```

> ### Using the UI (OpenSearch Dashboards):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the UI (OpenSearch Dashboards)

```

> OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboard where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings can be configured. When updating the roles via the UI, the UI calls the API in the background to implement these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboard where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings can be configured. When updating the roles using the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement these changes.
```

> ### Editing the YAML Configuration File:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Editing the `roles.yml` file
```

> For users comfortable with configuration files and prefer a text-based approach, editing the YAML configuration file directly is an option. Roles and their associated permissions can be defined or modified within the roles.yml file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for collaborative development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are comfortable with configuration files and prefer a text-based approach, editing the YAML configuration file directly is an option. Roles and their associated permissions can be defined or modified within the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for collaborative development environments.
```

> More information on **Creating Roles** can be found in the [Create Roles documentation][https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#create-roles)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about creating roles, see the [Create Roles documentation][https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#create-roles).
```

Roles are the core way of controlling access to your cluster. Roles contain any combination of cluster-wide permissions, index-specific permissions, document- and field-level security, and tenants. Then you map users to these roles so that users gain those permissions.

> ## Creating and editing OpenSearch roles - Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating and editing OpenSearch roles
```

> OpenSearch roles can be updated using various methods, the three methods to add or edit roles are as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch can be updated using one of the following methods:
```

### Using the API

You can make HTTP requests to endpoints provided by OpenSearch to update security roles, permissions, and associated settings. This method offers granular control and automation capabilities for managing roles.

### Using the UI (OpenSearch Dashboards)

> OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboard where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings can be configured. When updating the roles using the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement these changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboards where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings are configured. When updating the roles using the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement these changes.
```

> ### Editing the `roles.yml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Editing the `roles.yml` file

```

> If you are comfortable with configuration files and prefer a text-based approach, editing the YAML configuration file directly is an option. Roles and their associated permissions can be defined or modified within the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for collaborative development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you using OpenSearch and want more granular control security configuration, you can edit roles and their associated permissions inside the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for use in collaborative development environments.
```

Roles are the core way of controlling access to your cluster. Roles contain any combination of cluster-wide permissions, index-specific permissions, document- and field-level security, and tenants. Then you map users to these roles so that users gain those permissions.

## Creating and editing OpenSearch roles

> OpenSearch can be updated using one of the following methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can update OpenSearch by using one of the following methods.
```

### Using the API

> You can make HTTP requests to endpoints provided by OpenSearch to update security roles, permissions, and associated settings. This method offers granular control and automation capabilities for managing roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can send HTTP requests to OpenSearch-provided endpoints to update security roles, permissions, and associated settings. This method offers granular control and automation capabilities for managing roles.
```

### Using the UI (OpenSearch Dashboards)

> OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboards where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings are configured. When updating the roles using the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement these changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Roles, permissions, and document-level security settings are configured in the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboards. When updating roles through the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement the changes.
```

> OpenSearch Dashboards provides a user-friendly interface for managing roles. Navigate to the Security section within OpenSearch Dashboards where the roles, permissions, and document-level security settings are configured. When updating the roles using the UI, OpenSearch Dashboards calls the API in the background to implement these changes.

Reviewer 2: Changed the second sentence to a narrative structure (rather than an instruction) for consistency.

### Editing the `roles.yml` file

> If you using OpenSearch and want more granular control security configuration, you can edit roles and their associated permissions inside the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for use in collaborative development environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want more granular control of security configuration, you can edit roles and their associated permissions in the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version controlled for use in collaborative development environments.
```

> If you using OpenSearch and want more granular control security configuration, you can edit roles and their associated permissions inside the `roles.yml` file. This method provides direct access to the underlying configuration and can be version-controlled for use in collaborative development environments.

Reviewer 2: Confirm that my changes retain the intended meaning.

> For more information about creating roles, see the [Create Roles documentation][https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#create-roles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about creating roles, see the [Create roles][https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#create-roles) documentation.
```

See [Create role]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/api/#create-role).

> ## Edit Roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit roles
```

### OpenSearch Dashboards

> 1. Choose **Security**, **Roles**, and under **Create role**, select **Explore existing roles**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Security** > **Roles**. Under the **Create role** section, select **Explore existing roles**. 
```

> 1. Given you are logged in with the correct admin permissions for editing the role, select the role from the list you would like to edit. 

Reviewer: I would spin out the admin permissions note in this step as warning or note at the top of this section.

```suggestion
1. Select the role you would like to edit. 
```

> 1. Choose 'edit role' on the top right 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **edit role** on the upper right. Make any updates you need to the role.
```

> 1. Update the role as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 1. Choose **Update** to save 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To save your changes, select **Update**.
```

See [Create role]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/api/#create-role).

> ## Edit roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit roles

You can edit roles using one of the following methods: 
```

See [Create role]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/api/#create-role).

## Edit roles

> You can edit roles using one of the following methods: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can edit roles using one of the following methods.
```

### OpenSearch Dashboards

> 1. Choose **Security** > **Roles**. Under the **Create role** section, select **Explore existing roles**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Security** > **Roles**. In the **Create role** section, select **Explore existing roles**. 
```

> 1. Select the role you would like to edit. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the role you want to edit. 
```

> 1. Choose **edit role** on the upper right. Make any updates you need to the role.

Reviewer 2: Clarify: "on the upper right of the screen"?

> 1. Choose **edit role** on the upper right. Make any updates you need to the role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose **edit role** on the upper right. Make any necessary updates.
```
